README.md, before:

## About This Project

A company and employee management system built with Laravel, Vue.js, and Inertia.js. This application uses Laravel Breeze for authentication and allows you to manage companies and their employees with features for creating, updating, and organizing company data and employee information.

## Installation

### Prerequisites
- PHP 8.2 or higher
- Composer
- Node.js 18+ and pnpm
- SQLite (default) or MySQL/PostgreSQL

### Quick Start

#### 1. Clone and install dependencies:
```bash
git clone https://bitbucket.org/friskamax/gr-tech-technical.git
cd gr-tech-technical
composer install
pnpm install
```

#### 2. Environment setup:
```bash
cp .env.example .env
php artisan key:generate
```

Required environment variables:

- `APP_KEY` - Generated automatically by `php artisan key:generate`
- `MAIL_MAILER=smtp` - Mail driver (example using Mailtrap)
- `MAIL_HOST=sandbox.smtp.mailtrap.io` - SMTP host
- `MAIL_USERNAME=<your_mailtrap_username>` - SMTP username
- `MAIL_PASSWORD=<your_mailtrap_password>` - SMTP password

#### 3. Database setup:
```bash
php artisan migrate --seed
```

#### 4. Link storage:
```bash
php artisan storage:link
```

#### 4. Start development servers:
```bash
composer run dev
```
This runs Laravel server, queue worker, logs, and Vite dev server concurrently.

#### 5. Access the application:
http://localhost:8000

## About Laravel

Laravel is a web application framework with expressive, elegant syntax. We believe development must be an enjoyable and creative experience to be truly fulfilling. Laravel takes the pain out of development by easing common tasks used in many web projects, such as:

- [Simple, fast routing engine](https://laravel.com/docs/routing).
- [Powerful dependency injection container](https://laravel.com/docs/container).
- Multiple back-ends for [session](https://laravel.com/docs/session) and [cache](https://laravel.com/docs/cache) storage.
- Expressive, intuitive [database ORM](https://laravel.com/docs/eloquent).
- Database agnostic [schema migrations](https://laravel.com/docs/migrations).
- [Robust background job processing](https://laravel.com/docs/queues).
- [Real-time event broadcasting](https://laravel.com/docs/broadcasting).

Laravel is accessible, powerful, and provides tools required for large, robust applications.

## Learning Laravel

Laravel has the most extensive and thorough [documentation](https://laravel.com/docs) and video tutorial library of all modern web application frameworks, making it a breeze to get started with the framework.

You may also try the [Laravel Bootcamp](https://bootcamp.laravel.com), where you will be guided through building a modern Laravel application from scratch.

If you don't feel like reading, [Laracasts](https://laracasts.com) can help. Laracasts contains thousands of video tutorials on a range of topics including Laravel, modern PHP, unit testing, and JavaScript. Boost your skills by digging into our comprehensive video library.

## Laravel Sponsors

We would like to extend our thanks to the following sponsors for funding Laravel development. If you are interested in becoming a sponsor, please visit the [Laravel Partners program](https://partners.laravel.com).

### Premium Partners

- **[Vehikl](https://vehikl.com)**
- **[Tighten Co.](https://tighten.co)**
- **[Kirschbaum Development Group](https://kirschbaumdevelopment.com)**
- **[64 Robots](https://64robots.com)**
- **[Curotec](https://www.curotec.com/services/technologies/laravel)**
- **[DevSquad](https://devsquad.com/hire-laravel-developers)**
- **[Redberry](https://redberry.international/laravel-development)**
- **[Active Logic](https://activelogic.com)**

## Contributing

Thank you for considering contributing to the Laravel framework! The contribution guide can be found in the [Laravel documentation](https://laravel.com/docs/contributions).

## Code of Conduct

In order to ensure that the Laravel community is welcoming to all, please review and abide by the [Code of Conduct](https://laravel.com/docs/contributions#code-of-conduct).

## Security Vulnerabilities

If you discover a security vulnerability within Laravel, please send an e-mail to Taylor Otwell via [taylor@laravel.com](mailto:taylor@laravel.com). All security vulnerabilities will be promptly addressed.

## License

The Laravel framework is open-sourced software licensed under the [MIT license](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).

Commit message:

feat: assign admin role to the first registered user and disable welcome page

README.md, after:

## About This Project

A company and employee management system built with Laravel, Vue.js, and Inertia.js. This application uses Laravel Breeze for authentication and allows you to manage companies and their employees with features for creating, updating, and organizing company data and employee information.

## Installation

### Prerequisites
- PHP 8.2 or higher
- Composer
- Node.js 18+ and pnpm
- SQLite (default) or MySQL/PostgreSQL

### Quick Start

#### 1. Clone and install dependencies:
```bash
git clone https://bitbucket.org/friskamax/gr-tech-technical.git
cd gr-tech-technical
composer install
pnpm install
```

#### 2. Environment setup:
```bash
cp .env.example .env
php artisan key:generate
```

Required environment variables:

- `APP_KEY` - Generated automatically by `php artisan key:generate`
- `MAIL_MAILER=smtp` - Mail driver (example using Mailtrap)
- `MAIL_HOST=sandbox.smtp.mailtrap.io` - SMTP host
- `MAIL_USERNAME=<your_mailtrap_username>` - SMTP username
- `MAIL_PASSWORD=<your_mailtrap_password>` - SMTP password

#### 3. Database setup:
```bash
php artisan migrate --seed
```

#### 4. Link storage:
```bash
php artisan storage:link
```

#### 4. Start development servers:
```bash
composer run dev
```
This runs Laravel server, queue worker, logs, and Vite dev server concurrently.

#### 5. Access the application:
http://localhost:8000
  
#### Default Admin Role

By default, the first user to register in the application will automatically be assigned the `admin` role.

## About Laravel

Laravel is a web application framework with expressive, elegant syntax. We believe development must be an enjoyable and creative experience to be truly fulfilling. Laravel takes the pain out of development by easing common tasks used in many web projects, such as:

- [Simple, fast routing engine](https://laravel.com/docs/routing).
- [Powerful dependency injection container](https://laravel.com/docs/container).
- Multiple back-ends for [session](https://laravel.com/docs/session) and [cache](https://laravel.com/docs/cache) storage.
- Expressive, intuitive [database ORM](https://laravel.com/docs/eloquent).
- Database agnostic [schema migrations](https://laravel.com/docs/migrations).
- [Robust background job processing](https://laravel.com/docs/queues).
- [Real-time event broadcasting](https://laravel.com/docs/broadcasting).

Laravel is accessible, powerful, and provides tools required for large, robust applications.

## Learning Laravel

Laravel has the most extensive and thorough [documentation](https://laravel.com/docs) and video tutorial library of all modern web application frameworks, making it a breeze to get started with the framework.

You may also try the [Laravel Bootcamp](https://bootcamp.laravel.com), where you will be guided through building a modern Laravel application from scratch.

If you don't feel like reading, [Laracasts](https://laracasts.com) can help. Laracasts contains thousands of video tutorials on a range of topics including Laravel, modern PHP, unit testing, and JavaScript. Boost your skills by digging into our comprehensive video library.

## Laravel Sponsors

We would like to extend our thanks to the following sponsors for funding Laravel development. If you are interested in becoming a sponsor, please visit the [Laravel Partners program](https://partners.laravel.com).

### Premium Partners

- **[Vehikl](https://vehikl.com)**
- **[Tighten Co.](https://tighten.co)**
- **[Kirschbaum Development Group](https://kirschbaumdevelopment.com)**
- **[64 Robots](https://64robots.com)**
- **[Curotec](https://www.curotec.com/services/technologies/laravel)**
- **[DevSquad](https://devsquad.com/hire-laravel-developers)**
- **[Redberry](https://redberry.international/laravel-development)**
- **[Active Logic](https://activelogic.com)**

## Contributing

Thank you for considering contributing to the Laravel framework! The contribution guide can be found in the [Laravel documentation](https://laravel.com/docs/contributions).

## Code of Conduct

In order to ensure that the Laravel community is welcoming to all, please review and abide by the [Code of Conduct](https://laravel.com/docs/contributions#code-of-conduct).

## Security Vulnerabilities

If you discover a security vulnerability within Laravel, please send an e-mail to Taylor Otwell via [taylor@laravel.com](mailto:taylor@laravel.com). All security vulnerabilities will be promptly addressed.

## License

The Laravel framework is open-sourced software licensed under the [MIT license](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).
